[DEVX-2016] Add docs for tag support on cypress (#1570)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/cypress/yaml/v1.md

---

### `shardGrepEnabled`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | BOOLEAN |</small></p>

> When sharding is configured, and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some Spec files are executed without any tests matching the `@cypress/grep` filters.

Reviewer: Just to avoid potential confusion around the word "executed", since the falsely picked up spec never _actually_ got executed. After all, it gets picked up by playwright and then skipped due to the grep.

```suggestion
When sharding is configured, and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some spec files are allocated to VMs, just to be skipped by playwright in accordance with the `@cypress/grep` filters, thus wasting VM allocations.
```

> When sharding is configured and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some spec files are allocated to VMs, just to be skipped by cypress in accordance with the `@cypress/grep` filters, thus wasting VM allocations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When sharding is configured and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some spec files are allocated to VMs, just to be skipped by Cypress in accordance with the `@cypress/grep` filters, thus wasting VM allocations.
```

> When sharding is configured, and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some spec files are allocated to VMs, just to be skipped by playwright in accordance with the `@cypress/grep` filters, thus wasting VM allocations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When sharding is configured, and used in conjunction with `@cypress/grep`, it may happen that some spec files are allocated to VMs, just to be skipped by cypress in accordance with the `@cypress/grep` filters, thus wasting VM allocations.
```

> With `shardGrepEnabled: true`, saucectl will ensure that specs contains at least one test matching `@cypress/grep` filters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With `shardGrepEnabled: true`, saucectl will ensure that every spec to be allocated contains at least one test matching the `@cypress/grep` filters.
```
